Update batch-cohort.md (#118)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/batch-cohort.md

    This integration is maintained by Batch. Contact the Batch support team for support with this integration. 

> [Batch](https://batch.com/)  is a customer engagement platform that allows publishers to personalize push notifications and emails across multiple mobile platforms and web browsers. It is offered as a SaaS solution, integrating with clients' apps and websites via an SDK. This integration lets you sync cohorts from Amplitude to Batch.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Batch](https://batch.com/)  is a customer engagement platform that allows publishers to personalize push notifications and emails across multiple mobile platforms and web browsers. Batch offers a SaaS solution, integrating with clients' apps and websites via an SDK. This integration lets you sync cohorts from Amplitude to Batch.  
```
